docs: Add 2023-08-24 meeting notes (#451)
eslint/tsc-meetings: notes/2023/2023-08-24.md

| [Change Request: Stricter rule test validation](https://github.com/eslint/eslint/issues/15104) | 2 | | | |
| [Bug: fix rule schemas](https://github.com/eslint/eslint/issues/16879) | 2 | | | |
| [Change Request: [RuleTester] error if multiple suggestion fixers have the same message](https://github.com/eslint/eslint/issues/16908) | 2 | | | |
| [no-invalid-regexp: Make `allowConstructorFlags` option case sensitive](https://github.com/eslint/eslint/issues/16574) | 2 | | | |
| [feat: `no-restricted-imports` option added `allowImportNames`](https://github.com/eslint/eslint/pull/16196) | 2 | | | Design will be bundle with the design for [#15261](https://github.com/eslint/eslint/issues/15261) |
| [Change Request: stop running rules set to "warn" when `--quiet` is used](https://github.com/eslint/eslint/issues/16450) | 2 | | | RFC has been merged |
| [Rule Change: Update `no-inner-declaration` and remove from `eslint:recommended`](https://github.com/eslint/eslint/issues/15576) | 2 | | | Remove `no-inner-declaration` from `eslint:recommended` and add a new option to `no-inner-declaration`. @mdjermanovic will come up with a concrete proposal. |

> | [Remove warnings when linting ignored files](https://github.com/eslint/eslint/issues/15010) | 2 | | | This needs to be done before releasing v9.0.0 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Remove warnings when linting ignored files](https://github.com/eslint/eslint/issues/15010) | 2 | | | The default value of the `warnIgnored` parameter of `FlatESLint#lintText` needs to be changed before releasing v9.0.0 |
```
